batari Basic - ISSUES.txt

_What_Is_This_Doc?_

  There are some niggling issues and/or unexpected behaviors that users
  may run across. This file explains those issues, and any known 
  work-arouds.

_Known_Issues_

  overview:   A wide score font causes glitching on the right-most digit. 
  details:    There isn't sufficient kernel time for the update of all 6
              score digits *and* the PF bars, so the standard score font
              doesn't display the left-most digit.
  workaround: avoid defining graphics in the left-most pixel column of the
              score font.

  overview:   Some kernels have a score that is off-center.
  details:    There isn't sufficient kernel time for the update of all 6
              score digits *and* the PF bars, so the standard score is
              positioned to minimize the resulting glitch resulting from 
              this.
  workaround: use the DPC+ kernel, or ignore it.

  overview:   DPC+ vsprite vertical stack glitch. 
  details:    If the virtual sprites are stacked with very little
              spacing, cumulative round-off can occur, and eventually coarse
              positioning will happen during a virtual sprite display, 
              resulting in a visual glitch.
  workaround: avoid stacking vsprites vertically without much
              spacing. Or put them all on even or all odd rows, depending 
              if the height of the vsprites are even or odd.
		
  overview:   PAL pfres linecount bug.
  details:    Using "set tv pal" with standard kernel and pfres
              causes incorrect scanline counts for certian pfres values.
              workaround: use a value that provides a correct linecount, or
              use pal60 instead.

  overview:   DPC+ double-line bug
  details:    In higher resolutions in the DPC+ kernel, the top PF line is
              duplicated.
  workaround: None

  overview:   64K formats doesn't work with plain "return" statement.
  details:    64K formats are limited to explicit "return thisbank" or
              "return otherbank" calls, and don't support the regular
              implicit "return" statement. This is due to batari Basic
              storing the return address bank in the unused address space
              of the 6507, and this unused address space only allowing for
              3 bits of storage (8 banks)
  workaround: None

